gh-89610: Add .pyi as a recognised extension for IDLE on macOS (#95393)
python/cpython: Lib/idlelib/NEWS.txt

Released on 2022-10-03
=========================

> gh-89610: IDLE on macOS now recognise `.pyi` extensions.

Reviewer: There are obviously differences of opinion, but I prefer active voice for first sentence of blurbs.
Note: the American spelling uses 'z' versus 's' here and many other places.  The GH spell corrector sees 's' as a misspelling.
```suggestion
gh-89610: Add .pyi as a recognized extension for IDLE on macOS.  This allows
opening stub files by double clicking on them in the Finder.
```

Author: Noted for future PRs; thanks
